README.md, before:

<div align="center"> 
<h1>The Box Model Widget</h1>
</div>

[View website in GitHub Pages](https://github.com/AJGreaves/box-model-widget)

An interactive widget to help Code Institute students understand the CSS Box model. Website features a brief text based introduction to the box model with a concept image, a window with a pair of buttons, 4 interactive sliders and a code output box. The primary goal of this application is for users to have a clear understanding of the different parts of the CSS Box Model and how they interact.

The business goals of this application are:
* Build brand credibility
* Improve student satisfaction with the CSS Essentials module
* Improve student velocity through the CSS Box Model section of the CSS Module
* Improve student velocity through their milestone projects and beyond

The student goals for this application are:
* Build a stronger understanding of the CSS Box Model
* Build confidence in how to approach coding the different box model properties
* Clear, easy to understand content
* Responsive design so the app can be used on all screen sizes

This website is built with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

## UX

#### Ideal Client
##### The Ideal Client for this application is:
* English speaking
* Has a basic understanding of CSS syntax
* Is a student of Code Institute

##### Visitors to this website are searching for:
* A better understanding of the the CSS Box Model
* An interactive way to learn about the 4 sections of the Box Model
* A clear explanation of the overall concept
* Code examples to help apply further knowledge

##### This project is the best way to help them achieve this things because:
* On researching we were not able to find any application that already provides an interactive tool for teaching the box model concept
* The User Interface is clean and simple to use
* The text based part of the lesson is clear and concise
* The provided image helps visualize the concept

Commit message:

Add credits section to readme.

README.md, after:

<div align="center"> 
<h1>The Box Model Widget</h1>
</div>

[View website in GitHub Pages](https://github.com/AJGreaves/box-model-widget)

An interactive widget to help [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net) students understand the CSS Box model. Website features a brief text based introduction to the box model with a concept image, a window with a pair of buttons, 4 interactive sliders and a code output box. The primary goal of this application is for users to have a clear understanding of the different parts of the CSS Box Model and how they interact.

The business goals of this application are:
* Build brand credibility
* Improve student satisfaction with the CSS Essentials module
* Improve student velocity through the CSS Box Model section of the CSS Module
* Improve student velocity through their milestone projects and beyond

The student goals for this application are:
* Build a stronger understanding of the CSS Box Model
* Build confidence in how to approach coding the different box model properties
* Clear, easy to understand content
* Responsive design so the app can be used on all screen sizes

This website is built with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.

## UX

#### Ideal Client
##### The Ideal Client for this application is:
* English speaking
* Has a basic understanding of CSS syntax
* Is a student of Code Institute

##### Visitors to this website are searching for:
* A better understanding of the the CSS Box Model
* An interactive way to learn about the 4 sections of the Box Model
* A clear explanation of the overall concept
* Code examples to help apply further knowledge

##### This project is the best way to help them achieve this things because:
* On researching we were not able to find any application that already provides an interactive tool for teaching the box model concept
* The User Interface is clean and simple to use
* The text based part of the lesson is clear and concise
* The provided image helps visualize the concept 

## Credits

### Content
- The introduction text was written by Niel McEwen and Anna Greaves for Code Institute

### Media
- Concept image by the design team at [Code Institute](https://codeinstitute.net)

### Acknowledgements

- I received inspiration for this project from my colleague Ronan Burke, who found demonstrating the box model with two buttons and adjusting their values helped students understand the concept effectively. 

#### Disclaimer

The content of this application was build for Code Institute

The content of this Website is for educational purposes only.
